July is really used by Qianlong
You see
The music hall above also seems to love bamboo acupoint and feel guilty
What is Qianlong's royal sewing box?
How is that possible?
Qian Lang, this can't be true, can it?
Oh this old gentleman
Look again.
I've seen this before.
It's a box where he keeps needles and thread in his house.
He is a poor man
No background.
How can there be antiques?
And the money always said
This is a modern imitation
Maybe it's a copy of the one you said.
What Qianlong's payment seal?
Oh, the surnamed Xian said that this is impulsive.
Hey me
I'm not very good at Ming and Qing things
I analyze that seal, it may be fake.
Humph colorful lights
Are you insulting my intelligence?
This this this
Seals from ancient history are carved
The angles of the wood cracking cannot be the same
This is the hardest thing to copy
Do our job
This is basic common sense
Can't you even tell if a camel is real or fake?
Mr. Xu, do you mean that he forced buying and selling
Or he just doesn't understand shit
Or he's just lying with his eyes open
These boxes
It's a genuine Qianlong imperial possession
What else does Qian Ru have to say?